SpeechToText: Add API descriptions (#8048)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSpeechToText/9 Types/SpeechRecognitionConfig/grammars.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Configures the SpeechRecognition [grammars](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechRecognition/grammars) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the [SpeechRecognition.grammars](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechRecognition/grammars) property.
```

---

> Specify this property to bias SpeechRecognition results towards an array of words and phrases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply a set of words or patterns to influence SpeechRecognition results.
```
